for me it was very difficult it was difficult and
hard not to have been in the in the final
of the liberators cup first because
I was injured I had surgery
rupture of the patellar tendon and that
practically got the one from the end of the
liberators cup and this joke was
very enthusiastic and I really wanted to
go but in the end it could not and it touched me
watch the game on television
make strength with crutches and then
when we classify forgiveness when
we are champions
I threw the suitcases the crutches words
for the shit I started screaming I started
jump up to my family
be careful with I forgot that I was
recently operated and it was a very joy
very immense big and the city
It was logically what I do not
only medellin but all colombia and
The next day, it was my turn because it got up early and
I went to the national offices that
they were there in the stadium when I arrived
the reception was impressive
people
joyful happy waiting for you to arrive
the boys of bogota
it was an impressive caravan that
did from the airport until the
national athletic offices and when
I got the weight people
to name me to scream along with you to
I was one the truth a very emotion
I managed to enter the office and
When the boys arrived, he came
the hug came the joy of crying or
something was something very cute something
awesome what we got
we stop for the institution to
national and for Colombian soccer
something beautiful divine
like to thank national is passion
for giving us the opportunity after
25 years of meeting again with everyone
the boys to talk about that again
of that party the boys that
they had the opportunity to be inside the
playground like us
we had to see it from here from Medellin
so in the injury in my case and
really good that very grateful with
with national passion
happy happy and I hope so be very
soon with the boys who and power of
again celebrate these 25 years for
National Athletic